# 2019-10-31 Brainstorming #

Spooky Edition!


## Background ##

* The town is initially kinda a slum
  * Lots of trash everywhere
  * Shady figures lurking about

* Town Square
  * This is a place where there used to be a lot of markets / festivals / etc.  But now, it's just a rundown section of town.  Not a whole lot going on here anymore.
  * Things you can do here
    * Pick up trash
      * TODO: will need some way to replenish trash.  (Ex: on a timer?)



## Activities ##

### Picking up trash ###

* Randomly you will discover a useful item in the trash.
  * Does this mean that the trash item is somehow replaced?  Or, do you somehow pick up an extra item in the process?

### Picking Herbs ###

* Herbs will need to be replenished somehow
  * On a timer?
  * Immediately after being picked?
* Ensure that the location isn't flooded w/ herbs when nobody is picking them.
  * Have a limit to the number of Props within a room?
  * Have the logic just be smart somehow?

## Quests ##

### Clean up this town! ###

* How is this quest initiated?
  * After you pick up a few pieces of trash, somebody in the town takes notice.  They offer to pay you 5 gold if you dispose of 20 pieces of trash.

* How is this quest completed?
  * Pick up 20 pieces of trash

* Open Questions:
  * What does it mean to "dispose of" trash?
    * Just picking it up is fine?

### Trashing the competition ###

* How is this quest initiated?
  * Picking up trash in front of the "Party Yawn" inn.
* Premise
  * The owner of the "Party Yawn" has been getting complaints about the Inn being too messy.  So, they want you to trash the competing Inn in town.
* Goal
  * Sneak a bunch of trash into the competing Inn
  * Get the occupants of the Inn to start complaining about the quality
  * Recommend that they go to the Party Yawn instead.
* Gotchas
  * You might get caught dropping off trash at the competing Inn.  (What's the consequence here?)
* Reward
  * Reduced rate at the Party Yawn Inn?
  * Free night at the Party Yawn?

### Punch Dave in the Face ###

* Premise
  * Sam is pissed at Dave.  He'll pay you 5 gold if you punch Dave in the face.
* Goal
  * Punch Dave in the face
  * Report back to Sam
* Random Thoughts
  * Can you get arrested for doing this in the town?

### Get Herbs for the Clinic ###

* Premise
  * The Clinic is short-staffed, and everybody is focusing on treating the patients.  They need somebody to run to the forest and pick some herbs for healing potions or something.
* How is this quest initiated?
  * Talk to the Clinic staff
* Reward
  * Get 2 healing potions (?)
  * Learn how to make healing potions

* TODO
  * Introduce Forest location
  * Introduce a skill system
  * Introduce character stats
  * Have the ability to drink potions

### Planting flowers in Town Square ###

* Premise
  * Town Square is not attactive to merchants.  Let's make it a bit more appealing!

* How do you initiate this quest?
  * Talk to the town mayor (?)
* Tasks
  * Need to acquire flower seeds somehow
    * Buy them?
    * Steal them?
    * Find them out in the wild?

  * Plant these seeds in town square
  * Report back to the mayor
* Reward
  * A farmer's market will start occurring on Saturdays.

* TODO
  * Need to introduce game world time


### Find my lost ring ###

* Premise
  * So-and-so lost a valuable ring in Town Square.  They need your help in locating it.
* How is this quest initiated?
  * Talk to so-and-so
* Tasks
  * Keep picking up trash until you discover the ring
  * Return the ring to so-and-so
* Rewards
  * 50 gold
  * You gain so-and-so's trust.
* Thoughts
  * You can also just sell the ring for 500 gold at the general store
    * If the NPC happens to see the ring at the store, then they get piiiiiisssssed.


## TODO ##

* Actually make this game multi-user!
  * Ability to see other users in a location
  * Ability to talk to other users


* Need to introduce game world time.  (Ex: days)
* Need to introduce character stats
  * Health
  * Stamina

* New commands
  * eat item
  * drink item
  * talk to character
    * Are NPCs actually different from Players?

* Need to introduce NPCs to the game
  * Mayor
  * Dave
  * Sam

* Need to introduce some kind of "talking" system
* Need to create Battle System
* Need to introduce buying/selling system

* Figure out a better way to initialize the world
  * Figure out how to persist the data
