# 2019-12-01 #

## Near-Term TODO ##

* Take a look at some other MUD games.  Figure out how they handle things such as:
  * Fighting
* Figure out how to handle game stats / etc. .  Ex: hp, mp, whatever

## Game Intro ##

### Goals ###

* Get the player familiar w/ the game interface
  * Basic Commands
  * Interacting w/ the game world
* Initial quest should be engaging / grab the player's attention

### Questions ###

* Where/how should the game begin?
  * Toss them into Town Square
    * Problems:
      * Too much random stuff happening
      * Interference from other players
      * Etc.

* What's the player's backstory?
  * Can this somehow tie into the game's tutorial?  Ex:
    * They were a prisoner, so the tutorial starts within a prison
    * They were a sailor, so the tutorial starts on a ship
    * Etc.

* How much influence does the player get on their own backstory / creation?
  * For this initial milestone: zero.  We're just gonna focus on one backstory.

### Potential Backstories / Starting Points ###

* You are a long-time resident of Yocalton.  One day, you decide that you want to do something to improve the town.  (Why?)
* Prison break
* Shipwreck.  (Maybe makes sense if the starting town is Lobsterberg)
* You wake up in the catacombs of the church???  (Like: awakening of a long lost hero, or something)
* You wake up at your camp
* You are exploring some ancient ruins of some kind
* You were exploring a cave, and there was a cave in.

* Small, stand-alone experiences
  * Finding your way out of a cave
  * Exploring a haunted house
  * Breaking out of a prison
  * Shipwreck / Escaping a desert island
  * Robbing a bank
  * Robots are taking over.  Run!
  * Exploring another planet / Space stuff!
  * Escaping from your boring office job.


## Regions ##

Major / important locations within the game

### Yocalton ###

* Town Square
* Church of St. God
  * The place of worship
  * Hospital / cleric
  * Graveyard
  * Catacombs
* Blacksmith
  * Talk to the shop keeper
  * Buy/Sell goods
* General Store
  * Talk to the shop keeper
  * Buy/Sell goods


### Lobsterberg ###



## Initial Commands / Actions ##

* go
* look
* 


## Initial States / Activities ##

* Exploring
  * Able to navigate between Scenes.  (Ex: "go north")
  * Commands
    * help : Give information about what commands are currently available, etc.
    * go
    * look
    * stats : See your current character stats.  (Ex: health)
    * items / inventory : See what you are currently carrying
    * get / drop
    * eat / drink
    * open / close
    * lock / unlock
    * talk to ___ : Begin having a conversation w/ the specified character
      * What about group conversations?

* Talking
  * Interacting w/ another player or an NPC
  * Commands
    * exit / quit / bye : Exiting the "Talking" state and return to the previous state.
    * ask about ___ :
      * Maybe we should just do conversation trees?

* Shopping
  * See the shopkeeper's inventory / prices.
  * Buy stuff, and potentially haggle.  (Ex:  "buy sword for 10 gold")
  * Sell stuff.  (Shopkeeper would need to come up w/ a price, and you can either agree/disagree with it)
  * Trading in general?  (Ex: putting items on/off the table, indicating which items you want, etc)
  * Commands
    * exit / quit / bye  :  Exit the "Shopping" state and reenter the "Exploring" state.
    * buy "thing" [for "other thing"] : Shortcut for quickly handling a transaction
    * sell "thing" [for "other thing"]
    * command for viewing shopkeeper's inventory.  (Maybe indicate what they think the item is worth?)
    * Collection of commands for:
      * Putting things "on the table".  (Ex: I want to sell my sword)
      * Indicating what you want in return.  (Ex: I think my sword is worth 12 gold)
      * Asking for the shopkeeper's feedback.  (Ex: either follow through on the proposal, or provide a counter offer)

* Fighting
  * TODO


## Short Story Ideas ##

These are basically "smaller games" that will help us prototype some of the components within the "Knight Errand" engine.

### Exploring a Haunted House ###

You start the game outside of the house, and you need to find a way to get in.  There are a few options:

* Climb into a 2nd-story window
* Find a key and open the front door


### Leaving work early on a Friday ###

Figure out how to make it all the way out of the office without being seen!

* Turn off your cell phone
* Schedule a fake meeting to look like you're busy.  (They search for you in the wrong place)
  * OR: You can use it to explain why you need to go to a different floor... or something


Scenes:
* Your cubicle
  * Get laptop
  * Get backpack
* Kitchen
  * Get coffee
  * Use microwave
  * Use sink
* Rest Room
  * Get paper towels
  * Flush toilet
  * Turn on sink

* Elevator
  * Push buttons
  * Close door
* Stairwell
* Supply Room
  * Get aluminum foil
  * Get pencil
  * Get pen


