# 2019-12-03 #

## Premise ##

You are an office worker, and you're trying to leave the office early on a Friday for _reasons_.  Can you manage to get out of the office without getting caught?

## Questions ##

* What floor is your office on?
* What type of office is this?
  * Corporate?
  * Startup / open office?
* What about the NPCs walking around the office?
  * Do we want to create a battle system of some kind?  Like: fight for the conference room?

## Random Ideas ##

* Throw stuff out the window
* Replace whiteboard markers w/ permanent markers
* Can you put your pet cactus onto somebody's seat?
* If your boss sees you, then you lose.
  * They're sitting in their office w/ the door opened.

## Scenes ##

### Your Cubicle ###

* Scenery
  * Your desk.
    * Open / Close Drawer
    * Contains
      * Pens
      * Power cable for laptop...?
      * Your keycard?
    * Random Thoughts
      * Items can be both on top of your desk and in your desk
      * How do we differentiate between these cases?
* Items
  * Your laptop
  * Your pet cactus

### Your boss's office ###

* Objectives
  * Figure out how to get your boss to leave their office
  * Get something interesting from your boss's desk drawer
* Scenery
  * Desk
    * Needs to be unlocked. (Q: Where is the key?)
    * Contains
      * Book: "You are NOT an Imposter!"
  * Employee of the Millenium Award
  * Cactus

* Items
  * Photo of their family

### Hallway of Cubicles ###

* Scenery
  * Namecard holders?
* Items
  * Your namecard
  * Somebody else's namecard


### Office Kitchen / Pantry ###

* Scenery
  * Microwave
    * Can put things into the microwave to cause "accidents"
  * Toaster Oven
  * Refrigerator
    * Open / Close
    * Contains
      * Somebody else's lunch
      * Ketchup
      * Mustard
  * Bowl of fruit
    * Contains
      * Apples
      * Bananas
* Items
  * That fruitcake that nobody actually wants

### Bathroom ###

* Scenery
  * Toilet
    * Flush
      * Paper towels: causes the toilet to overflow

* Items
  * Paper towels
  * Toilet Paper


### Elevator ###

* Scenery
  * Button Panel


### Stairwell ###

* Scenery
  * Door back into your office
    * Requires a keycard

### The Rooftop ###

* Scenery
* Items
  * A large brick to hold the door open


### Supply Room ###
* Scenery
  * Printer
    * Can print stuff from your laptop
  * Copier
    * Can make copies of other items???
* Items
  * Pencils
  * Pens
  * Paper
  * Paperclips
    * Can be used to open the lock in your boss's office?
  * Post-it Notes
  * Permanent Markers


### Conference Room ###

* Scenery
  * Microphone
  * Webcam
  * Whiteboards
* Items
  * Whiteboard markers
  * Somebody's lunch that they forgot to take.  (No idea how old it is)
* Objectives
  * You want to go through the conference room so that you can skip past your boss's office.


### Office Gym ###

* Scenery
  * The gross elliptical that nobody ever cleans
* Items
  * Spray bottle

## Items ##

* Your Laptop
  * Can be used to print stuff
  * Can let your book the conference room.  (Otherwise, people refuse to leave?)
* Key to your boss's desk drawer


## Objectives ##


